CANON ORE — LDDK canon ch 136
TITLE_ON_PAGE: Chapter 136 - Thousand Refined Cloud Titanium Vests
SOURCE: freewebnovel .../chapter-138
FETCHED: 2026-09-22 · URL = canon + 2 (title-verified) · ore only

Chapter 136 - Thousand Refined Cloud Titanium Vests
 After returning to the dormitory, Tang Wulin didn’t return to his room first. Instead, he knocked on someone else’s door.
 “You’re back. What’s up?” After Xie Xie opened the door and saw Tang Wulin, he said these words somewhat discontentedly. He hadn’t seen anyone around these last few days so he had no one to go out and play with. In the end, he could only cultivate in boredom.
 “Come over to my room. I have something to tell everyone.” Tang Wulin waved, then proceeded to the next room.
 It was already late into the evening and everyone had just returned from dinner, so they were all resting in their rooms. It didn’t take long for Tang Wulin to round them up and assemble them in his room.
 “Mr. Captain, what did you call us all here for?” Zhang Yangzi said in a teasing manner.
 Tang Wulin said, “I have something to give all of you. Here, try it on and tell me if I need to adjust it.” As he spoke, a pile of metal objects poured out of his storage ring. He then proceeded to distribute them.
 “This is...” When they saw the items that Tang Wulin handed out, everyone was shocked.
 They were vests, vests forged from metal. This metal vest was made from numerous thumb-sized silver metal disks linked together in an ingenious manner to form a chainmail.
 What was even more astonishing was how flexible and light the vest was. It was made in the style of chainmail, and if one inspected it closely, they would discover faint cloud patterns sprawling across the pieces of metal, exuding an exotic aura.
 “It’s so light. What is it made of?” Zhang Yangzi curiously asked.
 Tang Wulin said, “It’s made from an uncommon metal called Cloud Titanium. I used the Thousand Refinements to purify it then forged chainmail from it. Although it’s light, it’s still extremely tough. When we enter the spirit ascension platform, we’re scanned and everything on our person will be brought inside, so if we wear this vest when we enter, we’ll be able to use it inside and it’ll increase our chances of survival.
 Wang Jinxi spoke slowly. “Is this considered cheating...?”
 Zhang Yangzi said craftily, “How could this be considered cheating? We’re just taking advantage of the rebellion spirit ascension platform to improve ourselves.”
 “Although it doesn’t fit perfectly, it doesn’t hinder my movements either. It doesn’t encumber my agile movements. Jinxi, try punching it.” Zhang Yangzi said eagerly.
 “Okay.” Wang Jinxi punched straight at Zhang Yangzi’s stomach.
 With a ‘bang’, Zhang Yangzi was knocked onto his butt.
 “Ouch, you should have taken it easier!” Zhang Yangzi complained.
 Wang Jinxi cooly said, “What use is there in going easy? Captain really made these well. When I hit it, it felt as if I was striking solid armor or an iron panel. Technically, you were only pushed over by my force, you weren’t knocked down.”
window.pubfuturetag = window.pubfuturetag || [];window.pubfuturetag.push({unit: "618befb240ce5b0028261626", id: "pf-878-1"})
 Zhang Yangzi got up and rubbed his stomach. That’s right! My stomach doesn’t hurt at all.
 Gu Yue looked at Tang Wulin. “Is this the reason you were gone the last three days?”
 “Yea. It’s just making some preparations before the battle. Jinxi and Yangzi were both correct, this can be considered cheating in a way, but at the very least, we can ensure that everyone won’t be as fragile when faced with those soul beasts anymore. As long as we can survive even a minute longer in the spirit ascension platform, it will be considered an achievement in our exam and allow us to hunt even more soul beasts.”
 Xie Xie looked at the Thousand Refined Cloud Titanium vest in his hands. He then shifted his gaze to Tang Wulin, a hint of shame filling his eyes. So this is what that guy was doing...
 “Hurry up and try them on!” Tang Wulin urged them on.
 Everyone started experimenting with their vests. Though Tang Wulin had little experience with making clothes, a vest was simple enough for him to make.
 He had also taken Wang Jinxi’s martial soul transformation in consideration and made his vest a bit larger.
 “Alright, that’s all. Let’s all do our best tomorrow.” Tang Wulin stretched out his right hand. Xie Xie was the first one to pick up on Tang Wulin’s intent and quickly placed his own hand atop Tang Wulin’s. Afterward, Wang Jinxi, Zhang Yangzi and Gu Yue took their cue and added their own hands underneath his palm.
 The five of them cheered in unison, “Let’s do it!”
 Early morning. A heavy fog had enveloped Eastsea City during the night, hindering visibility and making it seem like everything were just hazy figures.
 Despite the usual lack of cheer haunting the city at this time, the Spirit Pagoda was bustling with excitement. As one of the Spirit Pagoda’s Eighteen Pillars of Heaven, it was one of the entrances into the rebellion spirit ascension platform.
 A single entry card for the rebellion spirit ascension platform auctioned for over 100,000 federal coins and it had no set market price. The Spirit Pagoda organized the distribution of these cards every year. Even though the chance to achieve spirit ascension was miniscule, everyone would go crazy for that chance.
 The moment that the first glimmers of dawn peeked over the horizon, Wu Zhangkong and the students of class zero had arrived at the Eastsea Spirit Pagoda. The earlier they entered, the less likely they were to encounter any competitors.
 “You all must remember that at its peak, the spirit ascension platform will be filled with many other people, of whom many will be your enemies. You only have one mission inside of there: survive! Anyone who doesn’t pass the final exam will be penalized.”
 After hearing Wu Zhangkong’s warning, Xie Xie couldn’t help but ask curiously, “Teacher Wu, what’s the penalty?”
 Wu Zhangkong shot him a glance. “Your vacation days will be cancelled.” After every term was a month-long vacation, so when he heard that their vacation might be cancelled, Xie Xie immediately went wide-eyed in shock. He had been looking forward to the month-long vacation for so long already.
 The others also exchanged looks of panic, while only Tang Wulin maintained a calm expression. Even Gu Yue had frowned at the prospect of losing her vacation.
 “Let’s go.”
 After the five students handed over their entry cards, they were lead by a staff member to a familiar room. As Eastsea City’s only intermediate academy, not only did Eastsea Acaademy have tremendous influence, they also maintained a cordial relationship with the Spirit Pagoda. If not, they wouldn’t necessarily have been able to secure spirit ascension platform spots even if they had money.
 Eastsea Spirit Pagoda had set up this room especially for them, which allowed Wu Zhangkong to monitor them. This wasn’t normal but was actually preferential treatment.
window.pubfuturetag = window.pubfuturetag || [];window.pubfuturetag.push({unit: "6291d4945648930028748c1a", id: "pf-1558-1"})
 “The spirit ascension platform is highly dangerous during the rebellion period. You have all entered the spirit ascension platform numerous times now and understand what it’s like inside, so I don’t need to give you any more warnings. Just remember to immediately hit the exit button the moment you are in danger.” The staff member gave them a few words of warning.
 The more times one had entered the spirit ascension platform, the less chance one would encounter danger like Wang Jinxi had during his first time.
 The five students separated and entered their own metal boxes. Under the staff member’s control, the boxes closed and the light disappeared. The scan initiated, preparing to send them into the spirit ascension platform.
 The staff member inserted five cards into a slot then pressed a big red button. This was a part of the safeguard system for the rebellion period. These cards allowed one to enter into the spirit ascension platform, as well as the designation of the coordinates one would appear at.
 After a moment, the five of them them awoke from their daze and were greeted with the sight of a boundless great forest. The forest was no different from the one they were used to, but this time, the five of them had entered together.
 The air was fresh and the plants a vibrant green, just like how they remembered it. They couldn’t see any difference from the normal, peaceful spirit ascension platform.
 Tang Wulin ordered, “Into formation.”
 He took a few steps forward to stand as the vanguard of the group while Wang Jinxi took position behind him, facing the opposite direction. Zhang Yangzi and Xie Xie were arranged on the left and right. They were all facing outward, while Gu Yue was situated right in the center.
 A gentle green light flickered, covering the five of them. It was precisely Gu Yue controlling the wind elements to lighten them and increase their agility.
 Tang Wulin raised his right hand, releasing two strands of Bluesilver Grass as a yellow soul ring appeared beneath his feet. The two strands of grass were like snakes as they slithered forth and sweeped the surrounding shrubbery, creating a path for them.
 “Our number one priority is to survive for at least an hour to pass the final exam, while our second priority is to hunt as many soul beasts as we can. Be careful everyone.” Four strands of Bluesilver Grass spread out from underneath his feet, connecting him to his four comrades by their waist. This way, he would be able to save them at a moment’s notice.
 Zhang Yangzi released his spirit soul, and a little black eagle soared into the sky. Beside the boost to his combat abilities his little black eagle gave him, it was also able to share its vision with him as long as it was within ten meters of him. Like this, they would have another set of eyes with a broader view.
-->
        var adx_id_6327 = document.getElementById('bg-ssp-6327');
        adx_id_6327.id = 'bg-ssp-6327-' + Math.floor(Math.random() * Date.now());
        window.pubadxtag = window.pubadxtag || [];
        window.pubadxtag.push({zoneid: 6327, id: adx_id_6327.id, wu: window.location.href})
-->
window.pubfuturetag = window.pubfuturetag || [];window.pubfuturetag.push({unit: "6282088417d0810027b05464", id: "pf-1448-1"})
-->
-->
&lt;
Chapter 136 - Thousand Refined Cloud Titanium Vests
1 / 1
Home
Info
0
Comments
Add
Library
 Chapter Comments 
(
0
)