CANON ORE — LDDK canon ch 140
TITLE_ON_PAGE: Chapter 140 - Team Battle Against the Demon Spider
SOURCE: freewebnovel .../chapter-142
FETCHED: 2026-09-22 · URL = canon + 2 (title-verified) · ore only

Chapter 140 - Team Battle Against the Demon Spider
 “Mn! Wait for a chance.” Tang Wulin sternly ordered. From below his feet, strands of Bluesilver Grass arranged themselves into a formation as he continuously supplied them with soulpower. The Man-Faced Demon Spider is giving us a chance, how could he not take it?
 Gu Yue silently sat cross-legged in the middle, meditating to restore her soul power. Wang Jinxi stood next to Zhang Yangzi, trembling with excitement. The two were prepared to use their fusion skill at any moment.
 Coordination didn’t matter anymore in the face of the Man-Faced Demon Spider. What was important, however, was whether they had the power to defeat it.
 Tang Wulin’s Golden Dragon Claw possessed immense power, but the problem was he didn’t know how to approach this gigantic poisonous spider.
 “Xie Xie, if I’m unable to break free, then you’ll be the acting captain.” Tang Wulin warned Xie Xie.
 Considering the toxicity of the Man-Faced Demon Spider, the possibility of all of them to constantly evade its attacks were small.
 None of them were anxious to attack as this was their final exam. Their chances of passing were more uncertain now that they had to face the Man-Faced Demon Spider, but they still had to fight for as much time as they could get in order to pass their exam. After all, they couldn’t truly die in the spirit ascension platform. As long as they were able to persevere for one hour, they would pass their exam.
 Naturally, none of them wanted to pass the exam that way.
 Tang Wulin’s eyes shrunk in shock. Suddenly, he threw the hammer in his right hand straight at the Man-Faced Demon Spider. With a strand of Bluesilver Grass connected to it, it streaked through the air like a shooting star.
 The Man-Faced Demon Spider’s legs powerfully launched its massive body out of the the web it had weaved.
 The hammer smashed into the spider webs, stretching it backwards. The webs were too resilient and elastic though, so not only was the hammer unable to break through them, it even became glued onto the web.
 Tang Wulin forcefully pulled to retrieve his hammer but the spider webs caved in and were dragged along with it. The area that the hammer touched the webs had already turned pitch-black. Fortunately, the hammers were Thousand Refined and its internal structure denser so it hadn’t been corroded just yet.
 These webs... are really strong.
 Tang Wulin had only thrown his hammer as a probing attack, yet he had already lost it to the webs. It seemed that the Man-Faced Demon Spider’s nimbleness and cunning was far higher than they first thought.
 They all knew that it was waiting for just the right moment to pounce on them, and the moment it did, its assault would be as swift as lightning and as powerful as thunder.
 The ball of webs tightened continuously around the five students and restricting their movements. Of course, there was a silver lining to their situation. At the very least, other soul beasts could not attack them right then.
window.pubfuturetag = window.pubfuturetag || [];window.pubfuturetag.push({unit: "618befb240ce5b0028261626", id: "pf-878-1"})
 “We’re still not attacking?” Xie Xie asked in a hushed voice.
 “Patience.” Tang Wulin sternly said.
 Xie Xie didn’t utter another word when he saw that Tang Wulin’s gaze was intently fixed on the Man-Faced Demon Spider.
 Ten minutes later, the original hundred meter radius of webbing shrunk only about a dozen or so meters in radius.
 Squatting down next to Gu Yue, Tang Wulin whispered a few words into her ear, to which she nodded in agreement. With their plan settled, the two stood up.
 The Man-Faced Demon Spider halted in place when it noticed Gu Yue stand up. With icy eyes that seemed to possess a wisdom far beyond a soul beast, it watched the five while its abdomen began to swell.
 “It’s preparing to attack.” Xie Xie shouted.
 On Tang Wulin’s signal, Gu Yue’s eyes narrowed as a wave of soul power surged from her body and a soul ring rose from beneath her. This was her first soul skill: Elemental Tide!
 Pew!
 The hundred-year Man-Faced Demon Spider suddenly turned around and shot a yellow-green net from its abdomen straight at them. After shooting out this net, it screeched and charged straight at them.
 This net was far bigger than the first one, and was large enough to cover all of the class zero students this time. They quickly retreated in this cramped space and narrowly avoided the net. There was no room for them to maneuver at all, especially since the walls were toxic. One wrong move and they would meet their end. Now that its net had failed to ensnare the students, the Man-Faced Demon Spider brandished its eight legs as if they were sharp blades.
 At that moment, however, Gu Yue stood up and released a yellow radiance from the center of their formation. From this radiance, a giant obelisk with a diameter of approximately a foot long skyrocketed out of the ground and pierced into the sky.
 The spider webs that had been woven into a net were extremely strong, but fortunately for the students, it possessed no attacking power. The obelisk shot at just the right spot, piercing through the peak of the toxic spider web dome.
 At that moment, the Man-Faced Spider was finally upon them.
 Xie Xie rapidly climbed up the obelisk while Zhang Yangzi used his first soul skill, covering him in a pitch-black fog.
 The strongest point of Zhang Yangzi’s Curtain of Darkness was the fact that it could differentiate between friend and foe, so it only obstructed those he was hostile towards. Moreover, its coverage was directly proportional to the amount of soul power he expended.
 As soon as the Curtain of Darkness descended, the Man-Faced Demon Spider lost all traces of the five students. It had no choice but to slow its pursuit.
 Suddenly, a strand of Bluesilver Grass shot up from the ground toward Man-Faced Demon Spider while a figure valiantly flew into the sky. Astonishingly, Wang Jinxi had been thrown into the air by Tang Wulin.
 A pair of soul rings shined brightly on Wang Jinxi’s body. Using his first soul skill, Bone Dragon Claw, his right arm quickly transformed while the rest of his body also transformed to a lesser degree under the effects of his second skill, Bone Soul Transformation. His transformation finished just in time for him to smash into the Man-Faced Demon Spider midair.
 It was at this moment that the Man-Faced Demon Spider was forced to reveal the grace of a super soul beast.
 Faced with the Bluesilver Grass shooting up from below, it spun its body while unfolding its eight blade-like legs.
 Although Tang Wulin’s Bluesilver Grass was tenacious, it was no match for the Man-Faced Demon Spider and was promptly cut into pieces. It didn’t have a the slightest chance of binding the spider.
window.pubfuturetag = window.pubfuturetag || [];window.pubfuturetag.push({unit: "6291d4945648930028748c1a", id: "pf-1558-1"})
 As Wang Jinxi descended upon the Man-Faced Demon Spider, it spun around and shot out a yellow-green spider web at him. The web this time was smaller than before, but it was still more than enough to cover Wang Jinxi.
 They exploded into battle, starting at the climax from the very beginning. Victory or defeat would be decided at any moment.
 Suddenly, the Bluesilver Grass tied around Wang Jinxi’s waist pulled him back toward the ground.
 Meanwhile, a single strand of Bluesilver Grass had managed to wrap itself around the Man-Faced Demon Spider. Right then, it turned gold. The corrosion and toxicity of the spider was no longer effective against it, while the spider’s body abruptly became sluggish. The binding of the Bluesilver Grass was finally beginning to bear fruit.
 At that instant, a golden whirlwind appeared out of nowhere.
 Its target was the Man-Faced Demon Spider’s rear!
 Clang!
 The golden whirlwind of light ferociously landed a sharp blow on the spider’s rear, issuing an ear-piercing screech as an explosion of sparks showered from the collision.
 The Man-Faced Demon Spider shrieked in pain as it shook the figure off of its back. Yellow-green blood oozed from where its carapace had been cut open.
 The second figure who had appeared was precisely Xie Xie with his Light Dragon Storm!
 Wang Jinxi had used his two soul skills for the sole reason of catching the Man-Faced Demon Spider’s attention and drawing its second attack. After taunting it to use up its spider web, he was pulled back into the Curtain of Darkness by Tang Wulin.
 Xie Xie took advantage of that moment to launch his assault. Although his Light Dragon Storm wasn’t strong enough to tear the Man-Faced Demon Spider to shreds, its powerful penetrating power could still wound the spider.
 Bang!
 The golden Bluesilver Grass finally snapped from the Man-Faced Demon Spider’s frantic struggles. To be more precise, however, it snapped after it had lost its golden color.
 Suddenly freed from the restrictive force, the Man-Faced Demon Spider was unable to adapt. Its eight legs which were using their utmost power suddenly felt no resistance, causing them to slip outwards, and its whole body to sink down. Two lumps of earth opportunely shot out, knocking against two of its legs and setting it off balance, creating a small crack in its defense.
 A figure quietly passed through the crack in its defenses, thrusting a golden claw at the human face underneath its abdomen.
 Pu!
 The Golden Dragon Claw stabbed into its abdomen, causing yellow-green blood to gush out.
 A layer of ice rapidly covered Tang Wulin’s body, preventing the blood from touching him. He used his Bluesilver Grass to bind the Man-Faced Demon Spider once more while he retreated back into the darkness.
-->
        var adx_id_6327 = document.getElementById('bg-ssp-6327');
        adx_id_6327.id = 'bg-ssp-6327-' + Math.floor(Math.random() * Date.now());
        window.pubadxtag = window.pubadxtag || [];
        window.pubadxtag.push({zoneid: 6327, id: adx_id_6327.id, wu: window.location.href})
-->
window.pubfuturetag = window.pubfuturetag || [];window.pubfuturetag.push({unit: "6282088417d0810027b05464", id: "pf-1448-1"})
-->
-->
&lt;
Chapter 140 - Team Battle Against the Demon Spider
1 / 1
Home
Info
0
Comments
Add
Library
 Chapter Comments 
(
0
)