CANON ORE — The Legend of the Dragon King, canon ch 119
TITLE_ON_PAGE: Chapter 119 - Complementing One Another
SOURCE: freewebnovel.com/the-legend-of-the-dragon-king/chapter-121
FETCHED: 2026-09-22 · THIS RANGE: URL = canon + 2 (title-verified; offset drifted from +1 in the 60s)
WORDS: 1549 · USE: ore only — mine beats, never copy prose

Chapter 119 - Complementing One Another
 After hearing the reason behind their visit, Wu Zhangkong promptly made a decision and said, “Let’s go test it out.”
 Class zero had many special privileges, among which included the right to use any of the academy’s testing equipment.
 In fact, a brand new strength testing machine had already replaced the one Tang Wulin had broken.
 Wu Zhangkong said, “Tang Wulin, release your dragon’s might. Wang Jinxi, try attacking the strength testing machine after receiving the power boost.”
 “Yes!”
 Bang! When Wang Jinxi felt his soul power flare up, he threw out a powerful punch.
 “Right fist, 643 kilograms.” Wang Jinxi and Tang Wulin were stunned speechless.
 He had only just recently taken the test and at that time, his strength was only around 400 kilograms worth. Yet now, it had increased by nearly fifty percent!
 “Your feeling was correct. Tang Wulin’s dragon’s might has an amplification effect on you,” Wu Zhangkong heavily said.
 Puzzled, Wang Jinxi asked, “But during the Class Promotion Tournament, why was I suppressed instead of amplified?”
 “Hostility.” Wu Zhangkong answered without thinking about it. “It was because you were feeling hostile toward him. His dragon’s might reacts differently depending on the situation. If either of you harbors hostility toward the other, then there will be a suppressive effect. If neither of you are hostile toward each other, or even have some goodwill, then that suppression turns into amplification. This should be how it works.”
 Wang Jinxi asked with a foolish face, “So I can never be his enemy?”
 Wu Zhangkong nodded. “In a sense, that is true. But if your cultivation surpasses his by far, then the influence of Tang Wulin’s dragon’s might should be minimized. If my guess is correct, Tang Wulin might be awakening a second martial soul, and an extremely powerful dragon-type one at that. This is the reason why he has such a strong influence over you. In fact, it’s not just you; all dragon-type martial souls should be under its influence. Only someone with a martial soul on the same level or higher can ignore its influence.
 “Honestly speaking, this is my first time seeing this type of situation because there is very little research on martial soul suppression. It’s known that top tier martial souls can certainly suppress lower tier ones, but there is no record of a situation like your own, where the suppressive effects are so powerful.”
 Wang Jinxi gazed at Tang Wulin with a strange expression.
 Just what kind of bloodline is this? It actually has such a strong influence over me. There’s an easy solution to my problem though&#x2014;I just have to kill Tang Wulin. As long as he’s dead, I won’t have to encounter something like this again.
window.pubfuturetag = window.pubfuturetag || [];window.pubfuturetag.push({unit: "618befb240ce5b0028261626", id: "pf-878-1"})
 Wang Jinxi came from a large clan, so his thoughts and imagination surpassed that of his peers.
 Wu Zhangkong said, “Tonight, the two of you can test this out. Tang Wulin, you and Wang Jinxi will meditate together tonight and see what the effects are.”
 “Oh. Alright,” Tang Wulin promptly agreed.
 Meditating together?
 Wang Jinxi had a distracted look on his face. Just a few moments ago, he had been harboring dark thoughts about murdering Tang Wulin.
 Tang Wulin’s special martial soul was a potential threat, not only to him but also to his entire clan in the future.
 If he asked an expert from his family to act, then there would definitely be a chance to have him killed. But did he really need to go that far? He was in the midst of an internal struggle. After all, nobody liked the feeling of being suppressed.
 When they returned to Wang Jinxi’s room, the two of them sat cross-legged and began to meditate.
𝑓𝘳𝘦𝑒𝑤𝑒𝘣𝘯ℴ𝘷𝘦𝓁.𝑐𝑜𝑚
 Wu Zhangkong was also present in order to observe the changes in their aura.
 Tang Wulin soon entered a meditative state, but the turbulent condition of Wang Jinxi’s heart delayed him.
 Wu Zhangkong silently observed the two of them. Their soul power circulation proceeded smoothly, but at a certain point, a slight change occurred. Unfortunately, he would have to wait until they woke up the next day before questioning them on their experience.
 As Tang Wulin quietly meditated, his soul power circulated throughout his body and he could feel the absorption of external energy as it entered his body. It was as if an excess of energy was being poured into his body, causing his cultivation to progress even faster than normal. Although the difference wasn’t too clear, there was definitely a qualitative change.
 It seems that Teacher Wu’s assumption was correct. There’s really an effect on my body!
 The next morning, Tang Wulin was the first to rouse himself from his meditative state. He could clearly feel that his cultivation speed had been faster than normal, giving him some benefit. In fact, he was certain that he had now reached rank 14.
 Wang Jinxi opened his eyes a few moments after Tang Wulin.
 “You’re both awake?” The nearby Wu Zhangkong stood up from the floor. “Tell me what you felt.”
 “My cultivation speed increased,” Tang Wulin answered.
 “What about you?” Wu Zhangkong turned to Wang Jinxi.
 Wang Jinxi looked at Tang Wulin with a complicated expression. “I felt the same thing, but there seemed to be some energy leaving my body as I cultivated. The energy seemed to be floating toward Tang Wulin. Overall, my cultivation gains were larger than normal, but not by much; about ten percent more.”
 Tang Wulin said, “It increased by about five percent for me.”
 “You complemented one another.” Wu Zhangkong exposed a pensive expression.
 “You two hold hands and circulate your soul power while expressing goodwill. I want to see what happens.” Wu Zhangkong wanted to test his hypothesis.
 Tang Wulin and Wang Jinxi exchanged a glance before they grasped each other’s hands and began to circulate their soul power.
 Immediately, a bizarre scene appeared. Golden scales appeared on Tang Wulin’s right arm, but even more shocking was that a layer of black scales had also materialized on Wang Jinxi’s right arm. Although they were not as distinct as Tang Wulin’s, their existence was indisputable.
 Wang Jinxi felt his strength swelling within his body as his soul power grew even more frenzied than before. At the same time, his soul power was now being rapidly consumed.
window.pubfuturetag = window.pubfuturetag || [];window.pubfuturetag.push({unit: "6291d4945648930028748c1a", id: "pf-1558-1"})
 “My strength has increased, but my soul power is being rapidly depleted.” He hastily announced his observations.
 Isn’t that almost the same as my dragon claw? Tang Wulin thought to himself.
 The black scales continued spreading until they covered all of Wang Jinxi’s right arm, then started to extend toward his neck and torso. At this point, Wang Jinxi’s soul power could no longer support the transformation. Despite this, they were able to see a black vein pattern appear on Wang Jinxi’s left hand.
 Tang Wulin observed the vein pattern on his own body and compared it with the one on Wang Jinxi. Wang Jinxi’s was a far simpler pattern. It was just a couple of black lines that lacked any sort of decorative design to it. In comparison, Tang Wulin’s golden veins had a complex arrangement with a mesh-like pattern.
 “This is...” Wu Zhangkong gasped. “This isn’t as simple as complementing one another; it’s actually similar to a soul fusion. In other words, Tang Wulin can amplify your power to its peak and, for a short time, you will become extremely powerful. Although your soul power consumption rate will be great, this is still an increase to your overall strength. Tang Wulin, your martial soul has a really invasive nature!”
 Tang Wulin scratched his head awkwardly. He had never expected his martial soul to have this kind of effect. After all, it didn’t seem to have any effect on Xie Xie when they had cultivated in their room together.
 “Teacher Wu, why doesn’t it affect Xie Xie? His martial souls are related to dragons as well.”
 Wu Zhangkong said, “Maybe it’s because his martial soul isn’t a genuine dragon, but rather a dagger. I think if it were a true dragon, he would be greatly influenced by your bloodline. On the other hand, this also means that Xie Xie doesn’t experience that much suppression from you.”
 Wang Jinxi bitterly smiled. “All dragon-type martial souls are top-tier. Wulin, if other Soul Masters know about your ability, they would think you are simply defying the heavens!”
 Tang Wulin’s eyes brightened. “Teacher Wu, is it possible that if I cultivate with many Soul Masters with dragon-type martial souls, the amplification effect will be even greater and, thus, raise my cultivation speed?”
 Wu Zhangkong shook his head. “That’s impossible. How did you feel when you were connected with Wang Jinxi? You were a bit distracted with absorbing that foreign energy, right?”
 Tang Wulin nodded. “That’s right, but it wasn’t that difficult to do.”
-->
        var adx_id_6327 = document.getElementById('bg-ssp-6327');
        adx_id_6327.id = 'bg-ssp-6327-' + Math.floor(Math.random() * Date.now());
        window.pubadxtag = window.pubadxtag || [];
        window.pubadxtag.push({zoneid: 6327, id: adx_id_6327.id, wu: window.location.href})
-->
window.pubfuturetag = window.pubfuturetag || [];window.pubfuturetag.push({unit: "6282088417d0810027b05464", id: "pf-1448-1"})
-->
-->
&lt;
Chapter 119 - Complementing One Another
1 / 1
Home
Info
0
Comments
Add
Library
 Chapter Comments 
(
0
)