CANON ORE — LDDK canon ch 125
TITLE_ON_PAGE: Chapter 125 - Hundred Year Demon Spider and Thousand Year Soul Beast
SOURCE: freewebnovel .../chapter-127
FETCHED: 2026-09-22 · URL = canon + 2 (title-verified) · ore only

Chapter 125 - Hundred Year Demon Spider and Thousand Year Soul Beast
 A Man-Faced Demon Spider. This was the soul beast hunting Man-Faced Demon Spider! It was considered a powerful top-tier soul beast. Even at the hundred year level, it could contend with thousand year soul beasts on equal footing.
 Wang Jinxi threw himself away from it without the slightest hesitation. Even if he’d been in good condition, it was impossible for him to win against such a powerful opponent. With his weakened strength and spent soul power, his only choice was to flee for his life.
 Pu!
 Wang Jinxi’s whole body tensed as he felt something coiling around his body. Despite his enormous strength, he was unable to break free.
 Even if he wanted to, it was now impossible for him to press the emergency exit button.
 A ‘xixisuosuo’ sound emerged from the cold forest. In the next moment, Wang Jinxi felt a sharp pain before his body turned numb and cold from the inside out.
 &#x2600;
 The Spirit Pagoda staff member urgently ordered, “Prepare for emergency treatment.”
 Wang Jinxi’s body was shivering when the metal box slid out. The affliction didn’t stop even after the electrodes were pulled off him.
 A dozen staff members dressed in white rushed over to him in a flash. One of them took out a needle and stabbed it into Wang Jinxi’s neck, delivering its contents into his bloodstream.
 “Is it that Man-Faced Demon Spider again?”
 “Yes! That thing is so violent. It didn’t even give this child a chance to press the button. Ah, this child’s luck is truly terrible.”
 Wu Zhangkong and Long Hengxu calmly watched on as the white-clothed people busily moved to do their work.
 After no less than ten minutes, the leader of the white-clothed group heaved a sigh of relief. “Not bad. This child’s willpower is very strong and he shouldn’t have any problems now. Just let him rest for a while and he’ll wake up.”
 Finished with his explanation, the man left with the rest of the people in white. The scene returned to normal, as if nothing had even happened.
 Zhang Yangzi had been flabbergasted since the moment the people in white came in. Wha, what’s going on?
 “Teacher Wu, Director Long, is Jinxi okay? Isn’t the spirit ascension platform a virtual place? How did he end up like this...” Zhang Yangzi’s words trailed off as he glanced at Wang Jinxi’s pale face, his previous excitement now replaced by fear.
 The staff member said, “I have already told you; although the spirit ascension platform is virtual, it still contains a degree of reality. Everything you sense inside of there would be just as if you were feeling it in reality. So if you’re harmed inside, then you will still feel all of the pain. For example, if you had been sliced into a corpse by the wind blades of those big green birds, then you would also feel the exact same sensations as a corpse. The sensations would be exceedingly real and would attack your mind.
window.pubfuturetag = window.pubfuturetag || [];window.pubfuturetag.push({unit: "618befb240ce5b0028261626", id: "pf-878-1"})
 “Simply said, if someone witnesses their wrist being slit, then they will also feel the gushing of their blood, the sound of it dripping down. Even when the wound closes and they stop bleeding, they will still sense the blood dripping, so their brain will think they’re already dead. After this thought appears in their brain, they will truly begin to die.
 “The spirit ascension platform has this problem, especially so for first-timers like you. Fortunately, the effects will gradually decrease as your spiritual power increases. By the time you can ignore the effects though, I don’t think you’ll be able to enter the elementary spirit ascension platform anymore and will have to enter the intermediate ascension platform instead. The sensations in the intermediate ascension platform are even more different. Hehe, the intermediate ascension platform...”
 Zhang Yangzi’s expression took a turn for the worse at these words. He was truly afraid now. This spirit ascension platform could actually result in a true death!
 &#x2600;
 Gu Yue was wandering about the forest in a daze. The lush forest, the clean air, it reminded her of something she had seen a lifetime ago.
 So beautiful. I really like this feeling!
 The fact that the Spirit Pagoda had created the spirit ascension platform could be considered nothing short of a miracle.
 She continued to head deeper into the depths of the forest. During her travels, she had encountered several soul beasts, but fortunately, they had been weak and easy to deal with. Each time she killed a soul beast, a faint light would radiate from her body.
 Her eyes grew wider and wider every time she felt this light.
 Amongst the five students, she and Tang Wulin had the least knowledge about the spirit ascension platform.
 As she was walking, a bush rustled, then a tall figure suddenly jumped out in front of Gu Yue.
 It was a giant bear over three meters tall and covered in light brown fur. This bear had a pair of large claws and glistening yellow eyes.
 The beast released a thunderous roar when it saw Gu Yue, then charged toward her.
 &#x2600;
 “Thousand year, a thousand year soul beast appeared. Do you want to warn her?” A staff member looked toward Wu Zhangkong with a questioning gaze.
 “Just watch for now.” Wu Zhangkong’s eyes were fixed on the screen.
 It was a rarely seen thousand year Crystal Bear. Even in ancient times it would be exceedingly rare.
 This thousand year Crystal Bear was a mutated from the same species as the Dreadclaw Bear. Only, its mutation made it far weaker than the Dreadclaw Bear.
 Although it was weaker than the Dreadclaw Bear, the Crystal Bear did possess a special ability. Every single one of its attacks would cause its opponent’s body to crystallize by a fraction, stacking until its opponent eventually shatters from its subsequent attack.
 Only with strong soul power and a quick removal of the crystallized areas would one be able to avoid massive losses from a Crystal Bear.
 The Crystal Bear also had a weakness; it lacked ranged combat abilities.
 Even without two soul rings, Gu Yue was considered the strongest among the five classmates due to her incredible control over the elements. Furthermore, with her control over the spatial element even Xie Xie’s attacks could be evaded.
 The greater the pressure, the greater the growth of a Soul Master. Wu Zhangkong firmly believed in this. He wanted to see just how his only female student would react in the face of a powerful thousand year Crystal Bear.
 Just as anticipation filled Wu Zhangkong, the Crystal Bear launched its attack.
window.pubfuturetag = window.pubfuturetag || [];window.pubfuturetag.push({unit: "6291d4945648930028748c1a", id: "pf-1558-1"})
 &#x2600;
 Gu Yue wasn’t flustered at all. A single yellow soul ring rose from beneath her feet while her aura strengthened.
 First soul skill, Elemental Tide.
 Gu Yue’s body grew light as a green glow flashed out. Then, with a flash of silver light, she disappeared from her current position and teleported to another.
 The Crystal Bear’s charge met nothing but air. Unable to stop itself, it ran headfirst into a large tree.
 With her back to the thousand year Crystal Bear, Gu Yue ran away. Clearly, she had no intention of fighting the thousand year Crystal Bear. She waved her hands behind her, releasing a tornado. This tornado definitely wasn’t meant to harm the Crystal Bear; after all, its defenses were too stout to be affected by some wind.
 However, this wind was sufficient to stir the leaves on the trees. A gale of leaves fluttered about, obscuring the Crystal Bear’s line of sight. Gu Yue seized this chance to teleport once more, changing her direction then bolting.
 &#x2600;
 “Beautiful. Her response was clever, fast as well,” praised Long Hengxu.
 Wu Zhangkong gave a slight nod. He was pleased with Gu Yue’s steadiness in the face of such a terrifying opponent. She’d judged her opponent’s strength at the very beginning and compared it to her own before quickly choosing how to react. In the end, she’d chosen to flee. Although fleeing was easy, the difficult part was in making such a choice in an instant. This just showed how calm and intelligent Gu Yue was.
 He turned to look at another screen, one which had three dots on it. These three dots meant that there were only three people remaining in the spirit ascension platform.
 Gu Yue was actually running in Tang Wulin’s direction at that moment.
 “Yi!” Wu Zhangkong let out a light sound of surprise at this discovery.
 &#x2600;
 Two loud booms put Xie Xie on alert. The origin these booms was fairly close and he could tell it was getting nearer to him.
𝒇𝒓𝒆𝒆𝙬𝒆𝒃𝓷𝒐𝓿𝙚𝙡.𝒄𝓸𝒎
 One had to be truly confident in themself if they were willing to cause such a ruckus within this soul beast forest. Xie Xie didn’t dare to ignore it, so he climbed up a tree with lightning speed before hiding his presence, waiting calmly.
 This time, staying still was a better option than escaping for Xie Xie. After all, he’d consumed quite a bit of soul power when he killed that Longtail Mouse.
 A giant figure charged madly out of the thickets not too far from him. Xie Xie was startled by its appearance because it was actually running toward him!
 The beast stood on two feet and reached a height of over four meters. Its entire body was covered in metallic scales while a single horn grew from its head. It was actually an extremely ferocious Horned Dragon!
-->
        var adx_id_6327 = document.getElementById('bg-ssp-6327');
        adx_id_6327.id = 'bg-ssp-6327-' + Math.floor(Math.random() * Date.now());
        window.pubadxtag = window.pubadxtag || [];
        window.pubadxtag.push({zoneid: 6327, id: adx_id_6327.id, wu: window.location.href})
-->
window.pubfuturetag = window.pubfuturetag || [];window.pubfuturetag.push({unit: "6282088417d0810027b05464", id: "pf-1448-1"})
-->
-->
&lt;
Chapter 125 - Hundred Year Demon Spider and Thousand Year Soul Beast
1 / 1
Home
Info
0
Comments
Add
Library
 Chapter Comments 
(
0
)