Chapter 289 - Tang Wulin the Wicked
(fetched fresh 2026-09-03, readnovelfull, slug chapter-289-tang-wulin-the-wicked — ORE for ch104)

The whirlwind of elements grew until it was five meters high. Just when Tang Wulin and the others felt it was about to go berserk, Gu Yue gently said, "Go!"

Spirit Ice Plaza wasn't dirty to begin with, merely covered in dust. There wasn't even a single piece of trash in sight.

A bizarre scene played out the moment Gu Yue's whirlpool landed on the plaza. Dust gathered together, whirling around the hurricane in a frenzy before being sucked inside and leaving the floor as spotless as if it had been scrubbed by a brush.

Gu Yue withdrew her first and third soul skills, leaving only Elemental Control in effect as she followed the whirlpool forward. They began to walk around the plaza, watching everything within its path become clean.

"Wow!" Xu Xiaoyan clapped gleefully.

She really is amazing! Tang Wulin inwardly gave Gu Yue a thumbs up. She was the most skilled master of elements he had ever seen. Not only could she wield six different elements she could even fuse them together into infinite offensive and defensive moves. Her future was boundless. She was the first soul master in history to wield so many elements. With fire, water, wind, earth, light, space, and the variant ice attribute, nothing was impossible for her.

If they were ordinary people, even two days wouldn't be enough to finish cleaning the plaza. Yet in the face of Gu Yue's water-and-wind whirlwind sucking in dust and cleaning everything within a twenty meter radius, this task would be completed without breaking much sweat. At their current speed, they would be finished within three hours — assuming Gu Yue's soul and spiritual power would last.

In truth, Gu Yue was no superhuman. She was forced to recall the now black whirlpool and drain it into sewers after cleaning a third of the plaza. She then walked off to the side and sat down cross-legged to meditate.

"I'd be embarrassed if I let Gu Yue do it all," Xie Xie mischievously grinned.

Tang Wulin smiled. "Then you can just treat us to dinner tonight."

Xie Xie saw through Tang Wulin's scheme. "Sure, as long as you're not coming! Those two girls can't eat much, but if we add you, I'd be concerned if the restaurant even has enough stock. I swear, your stomach is an endless hole!"

Tang Wulin chuckled. "You're so insincere."

"Fine!" Xie Xie ground his teeth. "I'll treat you all to dinner. But! You have to finish those black buns before we go out."

They left the rest of the plaza to Gu Yue. In the meantime, Tang Wulin, Xie Xie, and Xu Xiaoyan would spruce up their dorm room.

They had only received two sets of school uniforms and a Shrek Academy identification card when they were registered.

The card was made of metal and had obvious signs of soul circuits running within it. The administrator had told them they needed this card to go anywhere within the academy, as well as leaving and entering.

Shrek Academy's administration wasn't extremely strict though. They didn't actually restrict students' passage in and out. Besides, the outer court was a small town in of itself. Students could find everything needed for daily lives here and rarely needed to leave campus.

While Gu Yue cleaned up the plaza, Tang Wulin went to buy some planks. He had Xie Xie use his daggers to fashion proper beds out of them. As for the mattress, they had actually brought their own. After buying a cloth to divide the space, the room had shaped up quite nicely.

But they stopped there. Tang Wulin believed that since the dormitory was for working students, it would be best if they didn't live extravagantly compared to the others.

Tang Wulin had already noticed that not all the rooms were occupied. Only three or four rooms had signs of recent occupation. Even then, those rooms appeared simple and crude on the outside. Since this living condition seemed to be a tradition among working students, it wasn't their place to break the status quo.

Gu Yue's cleaning speed was unbelievably quick with her martial soul, but it still took her until noon, a total of four and a half hours to finish cleaning the gigantic plaza. Of those hours, half were simply spent recovering her soul power.

The four meditated in their room together in the afternoon. Though they had just enrolled, they could already feel a mountain of pressure weighing down on their shoulders.

All the continent's geniuses gathered here in this haven. There were people like student number two who had stomped Xie Xie. None of the four companions would dare say they could absolutely defeat him. The only way they could flourish in Shrek was to become stronger faster.

The dining hall was enormous and filled to the brim, as if all of the outer court students were packed into the place. Unlike normal students, working students had to pay for their meals here with points obtained from completing jobs.

Since it was their first day, they were allowed a free meal. They would only start paying tomorrow.

They had received one hundred Shrek contribution points each after completing their assignment, but it was then that Tang Wulin discovered one hundred points was only enough to feed them for one day.

Fortunately, the dining hall served food comparable to Eastsea Academy's first window.

Perhaps because he had to start paying for his meals the next day, Tang Wulin finally revealed his true wickedness during dinner.

He first found a large table. Then, he started collecting food. The dining hall was large enough to accommodate one thousand diners at a time, so his actions were laid bare for all to see. He went from window to window, showing his Shrek ID card to get as much free food as he could carry.

At first few took notice, but by the time his table had three levels of food stacked up, people began to watch.

A stern-looking man around twenty years old wearing a red armband walked over.

"I'm Xie Peichen, a member of the discipline committee. Which class are you from? Why did you get so much food? Don't you know that according to the academy's rules, if you waste food, you have to pay ten times its weight as a fine?"

Tang Wulin stopped mid-step. "Hello senior. I can finish all of this food."

"You can finish all of this? By yourself?" Xie Peichen's voice raised an octave. Tang Wulin had filled a table for ten with enough food to feed thirty!

"Yeah. I can finish this all myself. I still have three friends joining me though," Tang Wulin sincerely answered.

"Four people can finish all of this?"

Tang Wulin nodded earnestly.

"Alright, let's see you eat it all then. If you can't finish, don't blame me for being rude." Though Xie Peichen had a dark expression, he couldn't do anything as Tang Wulin had yet to violate any rules. He stood to the side and watched.

Tang Wulin smiled, exposing his sparkling white teeth. "Senior, how about we make a bet? If I finish all this food, you'll help me get another round. If I can't, you can punish me as you wish."

"Alright." Xie Peichen agreed immediately.

With the bet established, Tang Wulin began eating. He ate leisurely, taking his time. Nonetheless, his eating speed was shocking.

(The bet's payoff = canon 290 "Ceramic Mountain" — NEXT ore.)
