=== SL5 CANON 003 — "Wind Wolf Town" ===
Source: mtlnovel.me · Fetched 2026-09-02 · Author-verified
KEY FACTS: Town = WIND WOLF TOWN, NE Fairy Continent, property of the Wind Wolf lord. Human slaves' value:
(1) FERTILITY — the two fairy races breed poorly, humans are the breeding stock; (2) intelligence for fine
tasks; (3) FOOD — "more delicate skin and flesh." Nursery: ~1/4 of infants die silently; no medicine, no
teaching, language self-learned. AGE 1: moved to a 200-child house under a strict pig demon — food for 150
(deliberate culling: "those with poor health, no need to waste food"). AURA: extremely rich and pure — richer
than Douluo Continent ("humans are humble dogs, yet the aura is rich and scary"). TS begins Xuan Tian Gong
(Mysterious Heaven Method) aura-absorption at SIX MONTHS — nourishing only, meridians too young. TS notes
world-rule suppression fears earlier; "a seed of resistance" planted watching the culling. TS takes only the
food his body needs, leaves the rest — watches the thinnest children taken away dying.
---
The town where they are located is called Wind Wolf Town. Both the monster tribe and the spirit tribe should have very powerful existences, at least from the words of the pig mothers.

And human beings are the lowest slaves in this world. These children are all raised together, and then receive servitude education, and then become slaves to the nobles. To put it simply, even if he is the property of the Master Wind Wolf in Wind Wolf Town, he is still the least valuable one.

There should be a lot of human beings. From the words of Mother Pig, it can be heard that the only thing that humans can do is fertility. The fertility of the two races of fairies is relatively poor, which is the basis for human survival.

The shortcoming of humans in this world is that they are too weak. In the eyes of monsters and spirits, humans can't even do hard work. But humans are smarter than other slave races, and can do some more elaborate tasks. Another reason is that for some monsters and spirits, humans have more delicate skin and flesh, which is a better food.

Slaves, food...

seems to be miserable and can't be miserable anymore!

Tang San can only comfort himself silently, since it is already so miserable, if there are some good changes in the future, he will feel happy.

The only thing he is worried about now is where his wife will be reincarnated, and will he be as miserable as himself!

I have to say that mother pig's milk is much more nutritious than Tang San's biological mother. At least enough to eat.

When he was about six months old, Tang San felt that he was finally in a physical condition similar to that of a normal human child in the world.

And this kind of physical state also makes him look a bit fatter than the other thin children around him. At this half-year-old, that means I can look fatter. This also made Mama Pig apparently prefer him more. In this world, it seems that strong is beautiful.

However, at the age of six months, there is no milk to eat. Instead, it is something similar to squishy. Throw a small pot directly beside them. Eat with your own hands. How much you eat depends on how much you can grab.

Most children can't even sit up. Mother pig often has to use a spoon to feed them patiently.

At this time, Tang San became more and more popular with Mama Pig, and he could already grab and eat from the pot with his little hands.

So, naturally I eat a little more, and even occasionally I will be rewarded for drinking milk.

I don't know what I'm eating, anyway I can take care of it.

Tang San was full, lying in the grass nest, suddenly wanting to laugh. Because he suddenly remembered that in his previous life, he had a friend who would often say, and there was also a golden phoenix in the grass nest!

I have grown up in the grass nest. I don't know what my friends would look like if they knew about it.

Thoughts flashed, Tang San closed his eyes, and quietly pulled some thatch over him to keep him warm. Then silently guided his body blood with his mind.

This is not the first time he has been born again. The world in which he was reborn last time was called Douluo Continent. Compared to that time, this time is obviously much more miserable. But finally there is a chance to survive now. Therefore, he has to work hard to become stronger first.

Xuan Tian Gong was the most basic technique he practiced back then. Zhongzheng is peaceful. There is nothing more appropriate than this foundation building.

When he was reborn last time, he had already practiced the first stage of Xuan Tian Gong when he was six years old. Thus laid the foundation for the later achievement of the **** king.

And in this life, his understanding of Xuan Tian Gong is obviously not much deeper than when he was reborn. The only problem is that this body is too weak and can only come a little bit.

Half-year-old body, in fact, he can't do much, and he won't be able to cultivate anything because of rebirth, even as a baby. The meridians of the young body haven't grown well yet, even if it's Xuan Tian Gong, he can't really function. The only thing I can do is to pass through the Xuan Tian Gong method, coupled with my own spiritual consciousness, barely feel the spiritual energy of the heaven and the earth in the air, silently absorb a little bit, and try to nourish my body.

His first attempt started a few days ago. He is half a year old and his body is okay. Although he is not strong, it is not the time when he seems to be facing the test of life and death when he is weak at any time.

And when Tang San first tried to perceive the world through his own bit of spiritual knowledge, he was surprised to find that in this world where humans are humble dogs, the aura is actually rich and scary.

This Wind Wolf Town is by no means a treasure, it is just one of the most common monster clan territory, but when he perceives the world, he clearly feels that the aura here is extremely rich and pure. This is much richer than the Douluo Continent where he was when he was reborn for the first time. He couldn't be sure even if Douluo Xing had such a strong aura after evolution.

Before the temptation, he was entangled and worried in his heart. The most worried thing was that this is an age of the end of the law, without the slightest aura and vitality. The so-called clever women can hardly cook without rice, humans themselves are slaves, and the days to come will almost certainly be precarious. If the progress of cultivation is slow and pitiful, will they be pinched to death at any time in the face of those powerful monsters and spirits?

And this rich aura made Tang San breathe a sigh of relief. This was also the first good news he got after he came into this world. At least, with this strong spiritual energy, once he can start to cultivate, he will naturally cultivate much easier.

absorbs a little bit every day, quietly improving his body, only improving the inner, not the surface. On the surface, he is just a little more energetic than ordinary children, and he is also relatively thin.

As the days passed, the children gradually became able to speak. Among them, about a quarter of the children died silently.

There is no medical treatment at all, just some food. No one came to teach anything. You have to learn to speak by yourself.

When they were one year old and barely able to leave, they were sent to another place and managed by a strict pig demon. It is also the thatched floor, and the wooden house is barely cold. In a two-hundred-square-meter house, two hundred human children were sent here. The amount of food is only enough for one hundred and fifty children.

From the conversation between the pig demon and the wolf demon, Tang San could understand human children who could compete to eat, and were physically stronger, and could last longer as a slave in the future. those with poor health, there is no need to waste food.

Except for feeling sad for the human beings in this world, and planting a seed of resistance in his heart, he can do nothing when he is only one year old.

With the nourishment of absorbing spiritual energy, Tang San's body is naturally much stronger than that of his peers. But he only takes the food that his body needs every day, and leaves the rest for others. He could only watch the thinnest children dying to be taken away, but couldn't do anything.

Whenever the night is quiet, he will absorb the aura while silently thinking.

has been in this world for a year. Seeing human beings live a life that is really inferior to pigs and dogs, his heart is anxious and painful. He didn't dare to think about it, if his reincarnated wife also experienced the same life as himself, perhaps another child who was dying and was taken away, what should he do? You know, she is a real reincarnation, the kind of reincarnation that will forget everything in the previous life!

Whenever he thought of this, he couldn't help but add a strong anger to the world in his heart. Why, human beings are so weak in this world. Xiao Wu, where are you!

He really wants to make himself grow up and become stronger quickly. In that case, he would be able to find his own Xiao Wu.

She must be alive! Will definitely live well!
=== END CANON 003 ===
