CANON ORE — LDDK canon ch 1331 (RESEARCH: wolf-spirit mechanism check)
TITLE_ON_PAGE: Chapter 1331 - Companion Spirit Soul
SOURCE: freewebnovel .../chapter-1334
FETCHED: 2026-09-22 · THIS RANGE: URL = canon + 3 (title-verified) · ore only

Chapter 1331: Companion Spirit Soul
Translator: 
EndlessFantasy Translation 
Editor: 
EndlessFantasy Translation
 The Spirit Pagoda’s deputy Pagoda Master Zhang Geyang’s family had always held high-ranking positions in the Spirit Pagoda. Hence, when he was still young, his family had gone through a lot of trouble to find this spirit soul for him to merge with as his first spirit soul.
 For ordinary soul masters, the number of spirit souls obtained would increase with the improvement in their cultivation bases. Naturally, the spirit souls obtained during the later stages of their cultivation would be more powerful. For top-grade soul masters, their first spirit soul would be the one they spent the most time with. Once the spirit soul reached a certain growth, it would improve alongside the soul master. These spirit souls were the ones that soul masters liked the most. They were also known as companion spirit souls.
 For example, Zhang Geyang’s spirit soul was the same as his martial soul. It was also his companion spirit soul, the Hell Flame Beast.
 Tang Wulin’s Goldsong could also be considered his companion spirit soul. With Tang Wulin’s growth, Goldsong was nourished by the Golden Dragon King’s bloodline and had evolved to its current state. Its genetic incompatibility was resolved with the nourishment from the Golden Dragon King’s bloodline, and it was constantly transforming. Its current state was the result of a mutation caused by its fusion with the Golden Dragon King.
 The two great spirit souls definitely attracted the public’s attention. One of them leaped into the air and brandished its fangs and claws while the other pounced at lightning speed and burned with dark blue flames. Both spirit souls closed in on each other swiftly and the battle commenced.
 Both Tang Wulin and Zhang Geyang stood far away. A soul master and his spirit soul were connected via a mental link. It was not just a battle between spirit souls. It would be more apt to describe it as a remote combat between two soul masters using their spirit souls.
 The Hell Flame Beast moved quickly. It reached the Goldsong in the blink of an eye. It raised its front claw and attacked Goldsong at lightning speed. At the same time, dark blue flames burst forth from its body. The flames immediately engulfed Goldsong.
 This spirit soul had been with Zhang Geyang until he attained rank-98. It was extremely powerful on its own and made a formidable opponent. Its moves were like tempest and thunder.
 The Goldsong’s eyes were glittering and translucent like two golden crystals. They flickered with light and a golden flame erupted from within them. The two flames collided and sprayed all over the place. However, neither was harmed by the other.
window.pubfuturetag = window.pubfuturetag || [];window.pubfuturetag.push({unit: "618befb240ce5b0028261626", id: "pf-878-1"})
 The Goldsong twisted its nimble body in the air to dodge the Hell Flame Beast’s right claw attack. At the same time, it made a horizontal swipe with its tail. Its immense body lashed out at its opponent like a giant whip.
 The Hell Flame Beast held its ground allowing itself to be hit by the Goldsong’s tail. Its body suddenly enlarged the instant it was hit.
 “Pooh!” The Goldsong’s tail was wedged into its opponent’s body. The Hell Flame Beast’s body seemed illusory. The moment Goldsong’s tail was wedged into its body, the Hell Flame Beast burned brightly. Its flames scorched the Goldsong.
 Tang Wulin clearly felt the pain from the Goldsong. He was surprised to find that the Hell Flame Beast’s flames burned one’s soul directly.
 The Goldsong’s intelligence, which had emerged after countless evolutions, would cause irreversible damage to the Goldsong if it was eliminated.
 Tang Wulin’s eyes flickered. The Goldsong was currently enveloped by the Hell Flame Beast’s body. The scales on Goldsong’s body flickered rapidly. At the same time, it opened its dragon’s mouth to release a deafening giant dragon’s roar.
 “Roar!”
 The dragon’s roar was heard again by the audience who had witnessed yesterday’s match between Tang Wulin and Huang Zhengyang. It was released by the Goldsong this time, albeit lacking a domineering air. Even so, the Hell Flame Beast stiffened for a moment.
 The Goldsong’s body burned with a bright flame. Its pair of foreclaws shot out suddenly and its body shook violently in the air.
 “Boom!”
 It appeared as if the slight movement of the Goldsong in the air had created an intense explosive force. The Hell Flame Beast had wrapped its body around Goldsong just moments ago, but it was now sent flying by the explosion. It wailed as it reeled.
 Zhang Geyang’s gaze changed. Blue light flickered in his pupils. The Hell Flame Beast did a few somersaults in midair before it eventually landed on the ground. However, its domineering air was half what it was before.
 Tang Wulin snorted in his heart. ‘You’ve underestimated the Goldsong if you think that you can suppress it with such a skill.’
 As Tang Wulin’s companion spirit soul, the Goldsong possessed every soul skill of Tang Wulin’s, especially the abilities Tang Wulin obtained from the Golden Dragon King. Undoubtedly, the Golden Dragon King’s bloodline was a truly powerful bloodline. Even though the Goldsong possessed only a small portion of it, the other soul beasts could not possibly compare with its bloodline.
 The Dragon Air and the Golden Dragon Blast. The Goldsong had used these two skills to counter its opponent’s attack. It was not as if the Hell Flame Beast did not have a body, only that its strange soul skill made its body illusory. It could still be harmed by energy attacks.
 Obviously, the Goldsong was affected when it was burned by the dark blue flame. Both opponents were evenly matched.
 Seated on the platform, En Ci looked at Tang Wulin’s five-clawed golden dragon spirit soul. His eyes were in shock.
 Naturally, he knew about Zhang Geyang’s possession of a companion spirit soul. However, he did not expect Tang Wulin to possess a companion spirit soul as well.
 In terms of the relationship between a spirit soul and its soul master, Zhang Geyang’s spirit soul clearly had a much higher cultivation base. He was a rank-98 Title Douluo, while Tang Wulin was only an eight-ring Soul Douluo.
 With such a huge disparity, their companion spirit souls naturally reflected a clear contrast between their strengths. However, it did not turn out to be the case. In fact, Tang Wulin’s five-clawed golden dragon was more powerful than the Hell Flame Beast.
window.pubfuturetag = window.pubfuturetag || [];window.pubfuturetag.push({unit: "6291d4945648930028748c1a", id: "pf-1558-1"})
 Zhang Geyang’s Hell Flame Beast was a rare primordial beast. It had gone extinct a long time ago. The one he had now was reared by the Spirit Pagoda using their technology. It was a black spirit soul which had undergone a mutation. It was exceptionally rare. It was not the same as the modern black spirit souls which were mass produced by the Spirit Pagoda.
 In terms of quality, the Hell Flame Beast was not Zhang Geyang’s most powerful spirit soul. However, it was the one that was most intimate with him.
 In terms of their external appearances, the Goldsong was superior. Its gold color looked better visually. Moreover, the Goldsong had a slender body and looked somewhat handsome. It formed a stark contrast with the ferocious appearance of the Hell Flame Beast.
 The two spirit souls paused briefly before they charged at one another once again. After the initial contact, they had a better understanding of their opponent.
 The Hell Flame Beast was as fast as ever. It appeared before the Goldsong in the blink of an eye. This time, its right claw was aimed directly at the Goldsong’s neck.
 The Goldsong opened its mouth and spewed golden flames which were peculiar. They formed a dragon’s head in midair which exploded to release a powerful shockwave.
 The Hell Flame Beast immediately contracted its body. It shot out light flames which collided with the shockwave.
 Upon collision, the duo separated again.
 This time, it was the Goldsong’s turn to make a move. It charged toward the Hell Flame Beast at blinding speed. At the same time, countless bluish-golden Bluesilver Emperors swarmed out of its body like bees. As a spirit soul, it could not utilize Tang Wulin’s martial soul directly. However, it could mimic Tang Wulin’s martial soul’s soul skills with its powers.
 The Hell Flame Beast was stunned. It was baffled by the Goldsong’s ability which seemed out of place. Nevertheless, it reacted just in time. The light flames on its body swirled to form a giant vortex. The vortex protected itself, while the flames of the vortex formed sharp blades. The blades sliced incessantly at the incoming Bluesilver Emperor vines.
 The Goldsong appeared on top of the Hell Flame Beast’s head in the blink of an eye. Its Golden Dragon Claw lashed downward. The giant dragon’s claw drew an extensive shadow. It was the Golden Dragon Nirvana Divine Claw in the air!
-->
        var adx_id_6327 = document.getElementById('bg-ssp-6327');
        adx_id_6327.id = 'bg-ssp-6327-' + Math.floor(Math.random() * Date.now());
        window.pubadxtag = window.pubadxtag || [];
        window.pubadxtag.push({zoneid: 6327, id: adx_id_6327.id, wu: window.location.href})
-->
window.pubfuturetag = window.pubfuturetag || [];window.pubfuturetag.push({unit: "6282088417d0810027b05464", id: "pf-1448-1"})
-->
-->
&lt;
Chapter 1331 - Companion Spirit Soul
1 / 1
Home
Info
0
Comments
Add
Library
 Chapter Comments 
(
0
)