Chapter 245 - The Legendary Shrek City Though Wu Zhangkong wore his usual mask of iciness, his eyes seemed to flicker with conflicted emotions. “Let’s find an inn first.” The word ‘luxury’ didn’t exist in the dictionary of the inn that Wu Zhangkong chose, simply finding one that was near the station and booked three rooms. The inn gave off an antique feel with its simple architecture and mottled exterior of stone and wood, and its interior was neat and tidy, though their amenities were plain. Each room had one bed, two bedside cabinets, a wardrobe, a desk, and a chair. Only two people could fit in the washroom at a time, and that was all. It had four white walls and a window with a view of the train station. Wu Zhangkong had a room to himself while the students were split by gender into two other rooms. Wu Zhangkong had wanted to get a three-person room, but this inn only had two-person rooms. Otherwise, they would have only needed two rooms. “So comfortable.” Xie Xie pounced on the bed the instant they entered the room, and spread his limbs. Tang Wulin, on the other hand, went to the window to take in their new environment. “Wulin, why do you think you think Teacher Wu is so stingy with the rooms? He should have a good salary from the academy, and he’s even a battle armor master! You should have seen how awesome it was! He’s got to be rich since he made his battle armor!” Tang Wulin laughed. “Teacher Wu just doesn’t care about such mundane things. Now you! You should be a bit more modest. We’re not here to have fun.” Xie Xie said, “Fine, fine. I’m going to nap first then. The train was so cramped I couldn’t even stretch my legs.” Although trains were convenient, second class seats were by no means comfortable. Xie Xie’s breathing soon steadied. Tang Wulin took a bath and, after putting on some clean clothes, he went to Wu Zhangkong’s room and pressed the doorbell. When Wu Zhangkong opened the door and saw him, he let him in silently. “Teacher Wu, can we go now?” Tang Wulin asked. Wu Zhangkong glanced at the sky. “Don’t be anxious. Auctions are held in the evening, so we still have plenty of time and Shrek City’s auction has quite a selection; I’m sure we’ll be able to find it. You need to be patient.” “Okay.” Tang Wulin took a deep breath in and calmed himself. His nerves really were a bit jittery. He had never thought himself talented. His martial soul was the trashy Bluesilver Grass, and though his two soul rings were at the thousand-year level, they were still merely thousand-year Bluesilver Grass soul rings. As for his golden dragon claw, while it was powerful, it wasn’t sustainable. He was confident in his combative skills and would only place himself below Gu Yue, but this was Shrek Academy! If he wanted to pass the exam, he had to take it up a notch! Wu Zhangkong said, “Wulin, let me ask you again. Are you sure your strength will increase once you have all four spirit items? If you’re not absolutely certain, then I recommend that you not act hastily. The slightest mistake could negatively affect your future.” “Teacher Wu, I’m certain.” Tang Wulin said without the slightest hesitation. “My martial soul will evolve positively and it will definitely be a success.” Despite being unable to tell Wu Zhangkong about the Golden Dragon King seals, Tang Wulin was certain that breaking the second seal and absorbing its power would bring great rewards for him. Wu Zhangkong nodded. “I won’t say anything else then. It’s almost night; we’ll set off in a bit.” “Thank you, Teacher Wu.” Tang Wulin returned to his room and began to meditate. The sun soon sunk below the horizon, twilight eating away at the sky. They ate dinner at the inn. Although the place was small, perhaps because it was an inn in Shrek City, its food was unexpectedly delicious. Tang Wulin’s mind was clearly wandering even during dinner, only eating half as much as usual. Still, he ate more than everyone else combined. “Go rest and meditate in your rooms. If you want to go out, stay within the area and always carry your soul communicators on you,” Wu Zhangkong warned Xie Xie, Gu Yue, and Xu Xiaoyan. Xu Xiaoyan said, “Teacher Wu, where are you and Captain going then?” She had become accustomed to calling Tang Wulin ‘Captain’ now, rarely calling him by name. “There are some matters we need to take care of. We’ll be back later.” Wu Zhangkong had never bothered to explain his plans to anyone. He quickly left with Tang Wulin after speaking. Before following Wu Zhangkong out, Tang Wulin signalled to his friends that there was no problem. Wu Zhangkong was clearly familiar with Shrek City but, unlike their time in Heaven Dou City, they hailed a taxi instead of walking. Soul taxis were comfortable, but more expensive than public transport. It was the first time Tang Wulin witnessed Wu Zhangkong opt for such a costly method of transportation. But he soon realized the reason; Shrek City was just too gigantic. The taxi was faster than a bus, yet it still took them forty minutes to arrive at their destination. Wu Zhangkong led him into a pointed building. A staff member welcomed them once they were inside. “Excuse me, may I ask if you two are participating in the auction? Could you please take out your invitation letter.” Wu Zhangkong retrieved something out of his pocket and flashed it. The staff member instantly acted more respectfully. “So it was our Esteemed Guests that have arrived. Please come this way.” The staff member no longer pestered them for an invitation letter and led the two inside. Tang Wulin finally understood what true luxury was. Past the door was a hall made of white wood, golden patterns swirling across them like elegant flowers while the floor was lined with a scarlet rug that had golden embroidery running down its length. Crystal lamps lining the walls sparkled on the walls, their shimmering light attracting the eyes of the guests. An unseen pressure weighed down upon Tang Wulin as he walked down this magnificent hall. He sent Wu Zhangkong furtive glances, but was only met with a calm expression no different than when they were at the academy. The two were brought to an opulent room and someone delivered drinks. A moment later, a middle-aged woman walked in. “Honored guests, welcome. I am Ruo Ling, an auctioneer for the Yaluo Auction. May I ask if there is anything I can help you with?” She gave a slight bow to Wu Zhangkong and Tang Wulin. “Bring me your catalog,” Wu Zhangkong said. Ruo Ling smiled. She walked over to Wu Zhangkong’s side and crouched. With a flash of her golden bracelet, a small soul screen appeared in her hand. After a few taps on the screen, a list of items appeared. “May I ask what type of items you are looking for?” Her smile never left her lips as she furtively glanced at Wu Zhangkong’s stern face from time to time. Together, Wu Zhangkong and Tang Wulin were a pair of peerless lady-killers! Of course, she was more attracted to the mature Wu Zhangkong and, in consideration of his status, she acted friendlier than normal to him. She valued both looks and status. If she left a good impression on him, then perhaps she could advance their relationship another step. A pleasant fragrance lingered on Ruo Lin. It wasn’t perfume, lest she offend anyone. Her gentle smile lacked any pretense, creating a sense of familiarity. Unfortunately, neither her complexion, figure, nor smile could thaw Wu Zhangkong’s icy heart. Wu Zhangkong said, “Spirit items.” “Yes.” Ruo Ling quickly navigated to them. “Do you have a specific item in mind? I can help you search for it.” Ruo Ling sighed in her heart. He’s not even sparing me a glance! Am I not even enough to enter his eyes? “Thousand-year Azure-veined Vine,” Wu Zhangkong said. “Please wait a moment.” Ruo Ling swiftly inputted the name and the listings changed. There were high-grade, mid-grade, and low-grade thousand-year Azure-veined Vines, each with a different price. The starting auction price and estimated sale price were listed beside each one. “When will it be put on auction?” Wu Zhangkong asked.