Chapter 238 - Battling the Duskgold Dreadclaw Bear The Duskgold Dreadclaw Bear stilled at the odd sensation on his claw. It lowered its head, taken aback when it saw a small nick where his and Tang Wulin’s claws had clashed. It opened its mouth to release a furious roar that shook the heavens as dark-gold light exploded from its body Icicles and fireballs rained down upon it, but disintegrated the moment they entered the range of this golden light. For a Duskgold Dreadclaw Bear, its claw was its most prized possession. Rage coursed through its veins at the thought of its damaged claw. Xie Xie had made his way to the side. He leapt into the air, his third soul ring lighting up as he silently launched his surprise attack. His body faded until it almost seemed illusory and in the blink of an eye, separated into three clones that split up to assault the bear from different angles. Xie Xie couldn’t have timed it better; he attacked while the bear was still raging over its damaged claw. Metallic clinks resounded as Xie Xie slashed with his two daggers. Yet, the Duskgold Dreadclaw Bear was unmoved and unharmed. It roared once more, unleashing its golden aura with renewed fury as it spun in place while sweeping out with its claws to repel the three clones. The three retreated with haste. Only one succeeded, however; the other two were chopped into pieces and dissipated from existence. Xie Xie leaped backward. He didn’t dare approach again. At that moment, a five-meter-long deep blue spear of ice shot down from the sky straight at the bear’s head. The ice spear shattered! The bear raised a paw to rub its head, not amused. Xu Xiaoyan’s expression paled with horror. Her second soul skill, Ice Spear, was her strongest attack! It had taken her brother his third soul ring to gain this skill that boasted formidable single-target firepower, yet the Duskgold Dreadclaw Bear had simply shrugged it off! She could only imagine how tough its body was. “Buy me some time,” Gu Yue shouted. Her two hands flew around in a series of wild gestures, gathering elements to her. Unexpectedly, all three of her soul rings were brightening. Her first soul skill was Elemental Tide, her second Elemental Control, and her thousand-year third soul skill was called Elemental Fusion! She bathed in the rainbow-colored light that her three powerful elemental support-type skills released, her countenance akin to a fairy. The Duskgold Dreadclaw Bear chose to act at this moment. Rather than pursuing Xie Xie or attack Xu Xiaoyan, it charged at Tang Wulin with the force of a small mountain. Every one of its claws, now over five meters long, aimed for Tang Wulin’s head! It resented Tang Wulin for nicking its claws and wanted revenge. In a flash of blue light, Tang Wulin soared into the air, Bluesilver Impaling Array activating below. The Duskgold Dreadclaw Bear stumbled in the face of such stalagmite-like grass but still managed to slash the escaping Tang Wulin. Clearly, it was not affected by the Bluesilver Impaling Array’s high frequency vibrations. In reality, the Bluesilver Grass hadn’t even been able to penetrate the soles of its feet! Tang Wulin pulled on another vine of Bluesilver Grass, changing directions mid air and evading its second attack. His eyes sparkled at this challenge. Even if it was a stronger Duskgold Dreadclaw Bear, today, he wanted to face it head-to-head. He twisted around to give Gu Yue a look. An instant later, a disc of ice appeared beneath him. Exerting strength through his legs, he changed directions mid air once more. Instead of opening up the distance between them, he shot right at it. The Duskgold Dreadclaw Bear was determined to meet him head on and charged straight at him. A golden spike appeared behind it in a halo of golden light and slammed into the bear’s back, throwing it into the air and momentarily stunning it. Although the spike’s attack didn’t faze the bear, it was tougher than the Bluesilver Impaling Array and broke the bear’s momentum. Tang Wulin swooped in right then, and their two figures overlapped in a flash. Although The Duskgold Dreadclaw Bear lost control of its body, it didn’t care. The golden spike did not inflict any damage, but its intense vibrations gave the bear a concussion and affected its speed. It was at this moment that Tang Wulin descended on its head. The bear waved its arms in an attempt to slash Tang Wulin to death but due to the intense vibrations of the golden Bluesilver Grass, its attacking speed was slower and its power weaker.. Tang Wulin met the claw with his own once again, a metallic screech ripping through the air as they collided. Tang Wulin held his ground this time. Aided by both gravity and the effect of his golden grass, they were evenly matched and both of their arms recoiled backward from the clash. By then, Tang Wulin had landed on its shoulder. Raising his foot, he kicked the bear’s neck. It felt as if he was kicking a wall of steel; if not for the fact that his body was far stronger than usual, then his foot would have snapped off. The bear’s head went askew after being kicked and, taking advantage of this, a vine quickly ran up and wound itself around its neck. Tang Wulin grabbed the other end of the vine and turned his body to kick off the bear’s back with all his strength. His muscles rippled with power as he heaved the vine. Tang Wulin strangled the bear with the vine in midair, causing its attack to fly off mark. Its body, flipped around by Tang Wulin, headed towards the ground. Tang Wulin grabbed the bear. His muscles worked furiously, using all its strength to bend over backwards and flip them both upside down! It would have been impossible for Tang Wulin to make such a daring move if they were on the ground as the bear weighing over five thousand kilograms. He would have been stopped dead in his tracks. However, they were in midair and the bear was caught off guard, giving Tang Wulin the chance to execute such a shocking attack. The bear smashed into the ground! Debris exploded outward. The dust settled a moment later, revealing a shocking scene. The bear laid on its stomach, Tang Wulin kneeled on its back. Xie Xie was dumbstruck. That’s a Duskgold Dreadclaw Bear! Yet, Tang Wulin threw it down just like that? A chilling light gleamed in Tang Wulin’s eyes as he grabbed the bear’s neck with his claws. The neck was the weakest point of its body, and Tang Wulin had confidence in his claw’s strength.