CANON 263 — I Don't Want To! (their chapter-266; fetched live 2026-09-01, title-verified)

"Girl, do you want to become my disciple?" she asked with a smile. Gu Yue was taken aback, but immediately shook her head. "I don't want to." "You don't want to?" The old lady was dumbstruck. "Why?" "No reason. I just don't want to." "Gu Yue, don't speak like that." Shen Yi quickly approached to reprimand her. "Do you have any idea who this is? Elder Cai is an elder of Shrek Academy's most guarded Sea God's Pavilion. Her title is Silver Moon. She's the Silver Moon Douluo that stands at the summit of the continent! You're lucky to have the chance to become her disciple!"

Obviously, none of the students were familiar with this esteemed old lady before. However, the mere mention of the Silver Moon Douluo sent shivers down countless people's spines. Six years ago, she had a reputation throughout the continent as a heaven-shaking eccentric, yielding to no one and always doing as she pleased. Her common rampages had flipped the entire soul master world upside down. Peace only returned to the continent when Shrek Academy dispatched people to retrieve her. Like so, she vanished without a trace from the public's eyes.

Gu Yue met Shen Yi's eyes, but she gnawed at her lip, shaking her head again. "She hit Wulin so I don't want to be her disciple." Neither Elder Cai nor Shen Yi had expected this to be Gu Yue's problem! Her petulant behavior was actually fueled by Elder Cai's punch that had sent Tang Wulin flying. Disgruntled, Elder Cai said, "Nonsense! That kid's claw is special! If I hadn't used some strength to send him flying, his claw would have gripped my old bones and injured me. I didn't even harm him." The two middle-aged examiners were stunned at the elder's outburst. There's an apology hidden in her words! She's actually apologizing to a thirteen-year-old kid?

Gu Yue turned to face Tang Wulin. "Gu Yue, I'm fine! Really! Think about this carefully!" The words tumbled out of Tang Wulin's mouth, clumsily and without grace. He understood how great an opportunity this was. Gu Yue turned back to Elder Cai, her eyes earnest. "Wherever they are, I will also be. We won't be separated. If they enter the inner court, then I'll enter too." "Why are you such a handful? Fine, have it your way then. I don't care anymore." Elder Cai flicked her sleeve before storming off. Elder Cai's fury shocked Shen Yi. A moment later, she quickly followed to explain on behalf of the students, but Elder Cai would not have it.

Tang Wulin approached Gu Yue, tugging her arm. "Why did you do that? Why did you let such an amazing chance slip away? Didn't you see how strong that Elder Cai is? She's a nine-ringed Title Douluo! And her weakest soul ring is still at the thousand-year level! She even has a hundred-thousand-year red soul ring! Do you have any idea how rare people at her level are on this continent? I can't believe you turned down her offer." Gu Yue met his gaze, the pools of her eyes swirling with honest intention. "She hit you so I'm not happy." These simple words put a lid on Tang Wulin's mouth. Meanwhile, Xie Xie and Xu Xiaoyan pulled strange faces. Xie Xie couldn't help but say, "You know, I always thought I was prideful, but now I know what true arrogance is. Gu Yue, you're so awesome!" Xu Xiaoyan laughed. "Big sis Gu Yue is so honest. Really..."

Tang Wulin sighed within his heart. Will this affect our exam? That Elder Cai seems to be really influential in Shrek Academy. Is there anything good waiting for us now that we've offended her? Sure enough, Shen Yi returned moments later with an ashen expression. She pointed a trembling finger at Gu Yue. "You! Who do you think you are? Do you know how many people dream of the chance to become Elder Cai's disciple?" Gu Yue remained silent, her head lowered. She had already given Tang Wulin her only explanation; there would be nothing else coming out of those lips. Anxious, Tang Wulin said, "I'm sorry, it was our fault. Gu Yue is a bit tired right now so she's not thinking properly. Teacher Shen Yi, can we still continue with the exam?" Shen Yi sighed. "Your exam should finish here, but you can all continue. I've notified Teacher already, so hopefully he can placate Elder Cai's rage. Let's go now."

In a quick shuffle, she led them out of the large hall and into the depths of the school building. "The fifth trial tests your talent. Well, more like your second profession," Shen Yi said. Xie Xie asked full of confidence, "Teacher Shen, how many points did we get for the fourth trial?" "Zero points. You all got zero points." Shen Yi glared at him. "Zero points? Isn't that too little? Even if we weren't amazing, shouldn't we still get some points? Or are you telling me Shrek Academy can't be impartial? Is this because we offended that Elder Cai?" Xie Xie nearly exploded on the spot. Shen Yi swept a deep gaze at them. "In Shrek Academy, the Sea God's Pavilion makes the rules. If Elder Cai says you get zero points, then you get zero points. No one can dispute it, not even another elder. And now that you've scored zero points, you can't enter the inner court even if you're absolutely amazing in the later trials." Her eyes shifted to Gu Yue. "Do you understand the consequences of impulsiveness now?" Gu Yue did not retort, following Tang Wulin in silence.

They soon arrived at another chamber, about the same size as the previous one, but with tables spread out across the room, mountains of miscellaneous items littered all over. After surveying the room, Tang Wulin's eyes lit up. Among the many tables was one suited for blacksmithing. However, his elation was short lasting. Sitting behind the examiner's table was a familiar figure: the elder who had stormed off in the previous trial. Elder Cai. She sneered at him when their eyes met. "Elder Cai, you.." Shen Yi was at a loss for words. Elder Cai snorted. "For the fifth trial, you all score zero points." Rage bubbled to the surface of Gu Yue's eyes, but just as she was about to lash out, Tang Wulin pulled her behind him. Then, he directed a forceful look at Xie Xie to stop him from speaking out too. This was Shrek Academy, the home turf of Elder Cai.

[chunk-2 context] But her current conduct... "Don't say I didn't give Zhuo Shi any face. If they do well in the following trials, they will still be able to enter the inner court despite scoring zero twice. If not, they can go back to where they came from." Zero points again. Tang Wulin didn't know how many trials there were, but this was already their fifth one. The burden would be hard to overcome. Just what is the passing score? When Gu Yue squirmed behind him, he restrained her with an iron grip. He suppressed his fury for the sake of the team. As the captain, he couldn't act first and think later. The future of his team depended on him.

Shen Yi's face twisted into a mask of ugliness and she didn't move until a while later. She knew that the entrance exam had TEN TRIALS, each testing something different and awarding a maximum of ten points. The highest score possible was one hundred points, with SIXTY needed to enter the outer court. Entry to the inner court required at least EIGHTY-FIVE points. Normally in every outer-court entrance exam cycle, one or two outstanding individuals would make it into the inner court. A tremendous challenge. Now that the students of class zero had lost twenty possible points, they had no choice but to score exceptionally in all of the following trials! However, these trials were no laughing matter. Shrek Academy's entrance exam was comprehensive. Although they had done well in the first three trials, that did not necessarily mean they would be as lucky in the rest. The upcoming trials all tested different aspects of their ability, not just their combat strength. Shen Yi did not criticize Gu Yue. There was no point in doing that now.
