CANON 268 — Battle of Patience, Biding Time (readnovelfull ch-271 = novelhall-11723 #268; fetched live 2026-09-01, title-verified; RENUMBERED 09-01 after the canon-index correction — was mislabeled 267)

The girl displayed judgement worthy of a student of Shrek Academy. When her initial attacks failed, she immediately switched to a more conservative style of fighting. Rather than being anxious to achieve victory, she slowly whittled away at Tang Wulin in a battle of attrition. She resembled a cheetah stalking its prey, patiently waiting for the best time to end everything with one strike.

Although both combatants were only using their first soul skills, the constant clashes quickly ate away at their soul power. The blanket of cold steadily sapped his strength; madly circulating the Mysterious Heaven Method could not make up for his deficiency in soul power. The range of his Bluesilver Grass's defense grew smaller and smaller; frost covered the strands, icicles sprouted from the ground. He was being forced into a corner. The situation continued until the requirement for six points had been met — Tang Wulin persisted ten whole minutes.

The girl grew more and more astonished; like a small boat, he tenaciously endured wave after wave, not yielding once. Such resilience gave her a headache. But she didn't dare attack rashly against a control-type; if he had tricks up his sleeve, the tables would turn. Allowing her opponent a passing score just meant no reward; if she were defeated, points would be deducted.

As time passed, both approached the limits of their soul power. The snow thinned. Without warning, the snowflakes came at him with renewed strength — the girl made her move at thirty percent, certain Tang Wulin was an arrow at the end of its flight. Hidden in the flurry, she stealthily approached like a snow leopard revealing its fangs before pouncing.

Overall, Tang Wulin only had about forty percent of the soul power capacity of his opponent; he wouldn't have lasted without the Mysterious Heaven Method. A white figure burst through the snow, sleet chilling him to the bone; as his body grew rigid, a white, clawed hand reached for his shoulder. Twenty-five minutes of battle had passed under Shen Yi's supervision. Tang Wulin had earned nine points by this point, so it would be fine if he lost now.

Shen Yi's read: I guess this kid isn't that talented after all. Ignoring his golden soul ring, his martial soul is merely Bluesilver Grass. Yet he wouldn't have gotten a near-perfect score without calm strategy. He might not be a peak-level genius, but he's still quite talented! If student number ten hadn't been cautious, the match would have ended in minutes; she saw no way for him to overturn the tide. Yet the composure of the rest of class zero puzzled her — not one of them batted an eye at their captain's impending defeat. Do these kids just have cool heads, or…

An eruption of golden light interrupted her thought.

The moment the snow-white hand touched his shoulder, Tang Wulin smiled. It's about time!

His two purple soul rings disappeared with his Bluesilver Grass, and a tyrannical aura of blood essence exploded from his body. He hadn't eaten all those steamed buns for nothing! They had fueled a complete recovery of his blood essence. Soul power receded from his veins; pure, unadulterated power coursed through. The girl struck his right shoulder and found it hard as a block of metal; her hand numb, she recoiled. I only have thirty percent left, so shouldn't he have even less? She switched to damage control — but a pair of purple eyes came into view, and the world span. Before she could flee, a large golden hand darted to her neck and closed on her carotid. Soul power sealed, blood flow cut, she went limp.

The snow dispersed and the golden light died. Tang Wulin held the girl in one arm, keeping her from collapsing. She had fainted. He actually won? Soul masters with leopard martial souls excelled at biding their time — yet in today's battle of patience, student number ten had lost!

Xie Xie smacked a hand to his forehead. "Captain is really getting sneakier and sneakier! He actually spent thirty entire minutes to lure her into his trap. In the end, that girl never realized that Captain actually excels at brute force, not control!"

In reality, Tang Wulin wasn't fond of roundabout tactics — he preferred annihilating opponents quickly and efficiently. But for Xu Xiaoyan's sake, he had to stall; and his opponent was a student of Shrek Academy — if an all-out attack failed, he'd be in a bad position. The outcome was decided the moment she charged; even more than pure strength, Tang Wulin excelled in close combat — his skills at close range were absolute, able to make up for a soul ring disadvantage and make people one ring above him weep.

"Tang Wulin… ten points." Shen Yi's eyes were wide with disbelief as she declared the result.
