Chapter 254 - The Golden Dragon and the Black Dragon

Shen Yi spared him a glance. "Ask me again if you pass. It's still early for you to know."

The car cruised to a snail's pace, a giant plaza soon coming into view.

The ground at the plaza was made of ashen-gray stones, which were larger than the black rocks that paved the roads. There were buildings of similar height and ancient architecture arranged on the perimeter of half of the circular plaza. Using just their eyes to estimate, class zero and Shen Yi determined that the plaza was at least one kilometer long in diameter. The buildings were made of stone, various figures carved into it.

Contained within the semicircle of buildings was the plaza, and in the plaza's center was a circular man-made pond approximately one hundred meters in diameter. At the middle of a fountain stood a majestic sculpture.

When Tang Wulin realized the identity of the sculpture was similar to the one in Tang Sect, his heart thumped against his chest. Life-like, the art piece featured the only person who could compare with Tang San, the founder of the Tang Sect. It was the Spirit Pagoda's founder, the master of the Sea God's Pavilion within Shrek in that era. The Spirit Ice Douluo, Huo Yuhao.

He was carved as the center and revered figure, his great spirit souls surrounding him as if they were his guardians.

Spirit Ice Douluo Huo Yuhao was the sole being of his era to ascend to godhood! That his sculpture could be found here was testimony to his great influence.

His sculpture was in the Tang Sect, the Spirit Pagoda, and even here! Tang Wulin's eyes sparkled with awe.

"This is Spirit Ice Plaza. It was built ten thousand years ago when Shrek Academy started to expand into what is now the inner city. Currently, the main school buildings for the outer court are located here. As you may have guessed, it was named after the world-shaking Spirit Ice Douluo, Huo Yuhao. I'm sure you've all heard of his legends, so I'll leave it at that. Let's enter the school building now." After her simple explanation, Shen Yi led them toward the ring of buildings.

With each step closer to the building, the sculptures carved into the surface of the buildings became easier to make out.

"These are all sculptures of inner court disciples. Every student admitted into the inner court will have a sculpture shaped in his likeness, in commemoration as well as for evidence of Shrek's history," Shen Yi explained when she noticed the wonder flashing in their eyes. Without letting them admire the art further, Shen Yi shepherded them into the building.

The first thing that jumped out at them was the size. The ceiling towered over them at least ten meters in height, despite the fact that the building had six floors. There were fine illustrations drawn into the walls and domed ceiling, which caused onlookers to stop and stare, overwhelmed by the grandeur. Even so, such a sight was not tacky at the slightest, and was able to maintain an air of elegance.

Shen Yi talked while walking. "This building is called House Shrek. The murals on the walls and ceiling detail our twenty thousand years of history."

So prestigious! Twenty thousand years of history!

A foundation spanning across eras was truly awe-inspiring. All four students of class zero felt the urge to kowtow before this history of magnificence.

Only now did they understand why Shrek Academy was known as the sacred temple of soul masters. Traveling to Shrek Academy was like making a pilgrimage! If they were privileged enough to study here, they would have an unforgettable experience for the rest of their lives.

As his shame grew heavier, Tang Wulin's blood boiled, his hands balling into fists and knuckles glowing white. I almost made my teammates miss the Shrek exam!

We... we all have to get in here!

Although it was his first time so close to Shrek Academy, a mere taste of its glory, he knew in his heart that he must enter it.

There wasn't a single soul master who could resist the temptation of Shrek Academy.

After passing through the dome-roofed area, they climbed a flight of stairs with arching windows on each side, which provided a view of the yard outside. There were plants kept in tip-top shape throughout the green field, and on the other side of that was a stone structure similar to the one class zero was in. Everything in sight was part of the Shrek House, illustrating how large the building was. The semicircle of buildings they had first been introduced to was just the tip of the iceberg! Even the imperial palaces of eras long gone might not have been able to compare with this building.

No wonder Shen Yi said Shrek doesn't lack any money. Just how much money did it cost to construct something so big?

Tang Wulin sucked in a deep breath. Immersing himself in the environment felt wonderful.

After passing through two more corridors, they arrived in a round hall. Its domed ceiling stretched twenty meters high. Additionally, there was a mural painted on the ceiling just as the previous hall had.

As class zero took in the detailed painting, their bodies trembled, their knees buckling beneath them. Despite the twenty-meter distance separating them and the mural, it felt as if a mountain weighed down upon their shoulders.

There was a large black dragon in the mural. Its eyes glowed golden, even more striking against the backdrop of its ebony face, and its wings were spread wide. Violet light exploded from its body. It was obviously a painting, but it was vivid to the point of blurring the lines between fiction and reality. Each dragon scale could be counted with no difficulty, without missing a single one. The mural imposed an unstoppable pressure on the onlookers, as if the room itself was caving in under the dragon's might.

Compared to his teammates, Tang Wulin's reaction was more subdued. When the unseen pressure attempted to dominate him, his blood roared into action, arrogantly refuting the black dragon's might and fueling him with courage. He managed to stand tall before it, unaffected.

Gu Yue's valor nearly matched his. After a moment of trembling and surprise, she regained herself.

Xu Xiaoyan and Xie Xie, on the other hand, were deeply affected.

Xu Xiaoyan trembled and verged on collapsing, her face pale with shock.

Xie Xie was in a worse state. His knees had given in immediately, but he was caught by Tang Wulin before he hit the ground. A bizarre sensation enveloped him the moment he came in contact with his captain's aura, dispelling his fear enough that he could stand firm again.

At some unknown time, Shen Yi had disappeared, leaving the four students by themselves.

Wave after wave of pressure came crashing onto them, each more terrifying than the last.

Tang Wulin's brows furrowed. He could sense Xie Xie shaking with each wave of pressure, nearing the point of collapse.

Snapping out of his stupor, Tang Wulin had noticed that Shen Yi was no longer present. As such, he came to the conclusion that this place held more secrets than it did at first glance. This was likely part of their test.

Tang Wulin snorted, golden light flaring in the depths of his eyes as his bloodline power spurred into motion.

Golden scales rippled into existence across his right arm, pulsing with more power than ever before. He could feel his blood overflowing with strength.

After the scales had spread up his arm, they continued past his shoulder to his collarbone, and then down his torso's right side. The right portion of his neck was not left excluded.

His blood essence stretched beyond his body and enveloped his comrades in a bid to protect them.
